Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In the last lecture, we created the Flutter project, and what we simply did was to open the creative
project on via Xcode.
And this is the default app flutter created for us.
Now in this lecture we're going to start building our app.
One of the ways we are going to be using to structure our files is known as V C, which stands for modules
views controllers over the sleep dietary.
We are going to create a new folder that is the M and which stands for models.
The models are three is we are going to be creating all our fields such as the username field, the
first name field, the last name field, the image field and so on.
And as well over this leaf directory, we're going to need to create a new folder that says the V and
V stands for Views.
The views directory is where we're going to be creating all our screens, such as the login screen,
the sign up screen, the profile screen, the dashboard screen and so on.
And lastly, over the slave directory, we're going to need to create a new folder that is the C and
which stands for controllers.
The Comptroller surgery is where we're going to be creating all our logics, such as logic to sign up
users, logic to sign us users and so hard.